straight all right Oh make your guns on
safety yeah
anyway don't worry about them I got a
gun just like in the new hall duty Viet
man black ops yeah favorite game all
right so uh we ready to play them I'm
pump just like just like call duty I
mean just like all doing guys oh you
told a little somewhere else sick call
duty
this guy is gonna make us lose I know
this stuff with him I quit we'll take
all day
um just like our duty geez it right yeah
this is smoke here I got two noobs here
I'm ready pone hey you want something to
do it what would go scout this area make
sure we're safe all right i got i'll
kill more i'll come off say call dude
nothing's off yeah you need to get rid
of him wow I think we should shoot him
no no we gotta take additional
adequately why is it really only people
out here point wasn't it will come for
us especially because the fact that you
know weren't this heavy duty there's not
two teams I'm shooting it okay all right
all right thanks
Jesus look I've save him it's up to me
da warrior call duty yeah I got a clear
shot hold your fire do rotten name's
Leon emerge but i can only met everybody
else see that i saw his face was very
scary rue it they got the guy were
facing yes all yeah i burst him before
i'm called any modern warfare 2 and any
other one too he killed me in nazi
zombies I was playing single player he's
good man he's good i know to do cuz i
call duty over again alright so what do
we have no well i was thinking and this
is just an idea so don't hate on me
um I was thinking if we all split up
we'd have a better chance of finding the
guy especially because three on one more
guy get three just like call duty yeah
what if this guy has an arsenal go well
then we're screwed but you know I'm
willing to take that chance like I go
name's Leon American bball emanated we
can wear I pull this news before hey new
go man shot